(DOCSP-21747) Add Java examples (#133)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/structured-streaming.txt

   tabs:

     - id: java-sync
       content: |

>          Specify write stream configuration settings on your streaming 

Author: 1. DataFrames and Datasets both support streaming data
2. The Spark docs don't capitalize "streaming" and do capitalize "Dataset/ DataFrame" ([example](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/structured-streaming-programming-guide.html#operations-on-streaming-dataframesdatasets)). The Dataset/ DataFrame API can represent both static, bounded data and streaming, unbounded data

Updating to "streaming Datasets and streaming DataFrames" throughout

>          Specify write stream configuration settings on your streaming 

Reviewer: I think "streaming Dataset" and "streaming DataFrames" might be complete terms, but might leave that up to the external reviewer/knowledge expert to decide.

         Dataset or DataFrame using the ``writeStream`` property. You 
         must specify the following configuration settings to write 
         to MongoDB:
         
         .. list-table::
            :header-rows: 1
            :stub-columns: 1
            :widths: 10 40
         
            * - Setting
              - Description
         
            * - ``writeStream.format()``
              - The format to use for write stream data. Use 
                ``mongodb``.
         
            * - ``writeStream.option()``
              - Use the ``option`` method to specify your MongoDB 
                deployment connection string with the 
                ``spark.mongodb.connection.uri`` option key.
         
                You must specify a database and collection, either as 

>                 part of your connection string or with additional 

Reviewer: Suggestion: show an example of this using a connection URI

Author: I linked "connection string" to https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/ instead. I think most readers on this page will be familiar enough with connection strings already, and if not, the manual page should fill in the gaps.

                ``option`` methods using the following keys:
         
                - ``spark.mongodb.database``
                - ``spark.mongodb.collection``
         
            * - ``writeStream.outputMode()``
              - The output mode to use. To view a list of all supported 
                output modes, see `the Java outputMode documentation <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamWriter.html#outputMode-java.lang.String->`__.
         
         The following code snippet shows how to use the preceding 
         configuration settings to stream data to MongoDB:

         .. code-block:: java
            :copyable: true
            :emphasize-lines: 2-3, 6
         
            <streaming Dataset/ DataFrame>.writeStream()
              .format("mongodb")
              .option("spark.mongodb.connection.uri", <mongodb-connection-string>)
              .option("spark.mongodb.database", <database-name>)
              .option("spark.mongodb.collection", <collection-name>)
              .outputMode("append");

         For a complete list of methods, see the 

>          `Java Structured Streaming reference <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/>`__.       

Reviewer: Issue:
I wasn't sure where to go from the linked page as it was a generic directory listing of HTML docs.

Suggestion:
Is this the correct page? It seems to correspond with the methods you listed: https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamWriter.html

Applies to all instances.

Author: I'll change these for all languages. I was trying to match the level of the python and scala links ([python example](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/python/reference/pyspark.ss.html)) and link out to a full reference, but it does make more sense (especially for Java) to link to the DataStreamReader/ Writer in the read/write sections.

   tabs:

     - id: java-sync
       content: |

         To use continuous processing with the MongoDB Spark Connector, 
         call the ``trigger()`` method on the ``writeStream`` property 
         of the streaming Dataset or streaming DataFrame that you 
         create from your MongoDB read stream. Pass a setting returned 
         by ``Trigger.Continuous()`` to the the ``trigger()`` method.
         
         .. include:: /includes/fact-read-from-change-stream
         
         Specify read stream configuration settings on 
         `DataStreamReader <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamReader.html>`__. You must specify the following 
         configuration settings to read from MongoDB:
         
         .. list-table::
            :header-rows: 1
            :stub-columns: 1
            :widths: 10 40
         
            * - Setting
              - Description
         
            * - ``readStream.format()``
              - The format to use for read stream data. Use ``mongodb``.
         

>             * - ``writeStream.trigger()``

Reviewer: Issue: is this a required setting for read stream configurations? According to the sentence:
"You must specify the following configuration settings to read from MongoDB:"
it seems required, but references a writeStream, not a readStream.

   tabs:

     - id: java-sync
       content: |

         To use continuous processing with the MongoDB Spark Connector, 

>          add the ``trigger()`` method to the ``writeStream`` property 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         call the ``trigger()`` method on the ``writeStream`` property 
```

Applies to all instances

         of the streaming Dataset or DataFrame that you create from 
         your MongoDB read stream. In your ``trigger()``, use the 
         ``Trigger.Continuous()`` property.
         
         .. note:: 
         
            The connector populates its read stream from your MongoDB 

>             deployment's change stream. To populate your change stream, 

Author: No, it's not official in any way - I thought it was descriptive, but I can see how it might be strange for some. 

How about:
"The connector reads from your MongoDB deployment's change stream. To push updates to the change stream, perform update operations on your database."

>             deployment's change stream. To populate your change stream, 

Author: Also turned this into an include file

            perform update operations on your database.
         
            To learn more about change streams, see 
            :manual:`Change Streams </changeStreams>` in the MongoDB 
            manual.
         
         Specify read stream configuration settings on your local 

>          SparkSession ``readStream``. You must specify the following 

Reviewer: Question: Is this a Spark DataStreamReader? If so, it could be more clear to refer it to that way.
https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamReader.html

Author: It is, will change throughout

         configuration settings to read from MongoDB:
         
         .. list-table::
            :header-rows: 1
            :stub-columns: 1
            :widths: 10 40
         
            * - Setting
              - Description
         
            * - ``readStream.format()``
              - The format to use for read stream data. Use ``mongodb``.
         
            * - ``writeStream.trigger()``

>               - Enables continuous processing for your read stream. 

Reviewer: Issue: This seems like a time setting for how frequently it should poll for changes (if this is the correct documentation): https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/Trigger.html

Suggestion: Use a description that indicates that it sets when it should read changes, perhaps similar to the API documentation description.

                Import and use the ``Trigger.Continuous()`` property.

         The following code snippet shows how to use the preceding 
         configuration settings to stream data from MongoDB:

         .. code-block:: java
            :copyable: true
            :emphasize-lines: 1, 5, 10

            import org.apache.spark.sql.streaming.Trigger;
 
            Dataset<Row> streamingDataset = <local SparkSession>
              .readStream()
              .format("mongodb")
              .load();
 
            DataStreamWriter<Row> dataStreamWriter = streamingDataset
              .writeStream()
              .trigger(Trigger.Continuous("1 second"))
              .format("memory")
              .outputMode("append");
 

>             StreamingQuery query = dataStreamWriter.start();

Reviewer: Suggestion: highlight this line since it seems important enough to create the following note.

   tabs:

     - id: java-sync
       content: |

         To create a :ref:`write stream <write-structured-stream>` to 

>          MongoDB from a ``.csv`` file, first create a `DataStreamReader <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamReader.html>`__ 

Reviewer: The formal name is CSV file, not ".csv file". 

```suggestion
         MongoDB from a CSV file, first create a `DataStreamReader <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamReader.html>`__ 
```

Applies to all instances

>          MongoDB from a ``.csv`` file, first create a `DataStreamReader <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamReader.html>`__ 

Reviewer: Issue: these instructions refer to the DataStreamReader and DataStreamWriter rather than a "readstream property" or "writestream property" as used in previous descriptions in this PR.

Suggestion: make them uniform.

Author: Updating Read and Write config sections to use DataStreamReader and Writer

         from the ``.csv`` file, then use that ``DataStreamReader`` to 
         create a `DataStreamWriter <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamWriter.html>`__ 

>          to MongoDB. Finally, use the ``start()`` method to begin the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         to MongoDB. Finally, call the ``start()`` method to begin the 
```

         stream.
         
         As streaming data is read from the ``.csv`` file, it is added 

>          to MongoDB in the `outputMode <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamWriter.html#outputMode-java.lang.String->`__ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         to MongoDB using the `outputMode <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamWriter.html#outputMode-java.lang.String->`__ 
```

         you specify.

         .. code-block:: java
            :copyable: true

            // create a local SparkSession
            SparkSession spark = SparkSession

>               .builder()

Reviewer: Suggestion: Similar to the other builders (see line 457: "spark.readStream()"), call it on the same line rather than a new one.

Applies to all instances.

              .appName("writeExample")
              .master("spark://spark-master:<port>")

>               .config("spark.jars", "<mongo-spark-connector>.jar")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              .config("spark.jars", "<mongo-spark-connector JAR file name>")
```

       content: |

         To create a :ref:`write stream <write-structured-stream>` to 

>          MongoDB from a CSV file, first create a `DataStreamReader <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/scala/org/apache/spark/sql/streaming/DataStreamReader.html>`__ 

Reviewer: Issue:
1) I'm not sure how to get a DataStreamWriter from a DataStreamReader.
2) This sentence contains too many actions. The info could also be easier to follow if corresponded to the flow of data.

Suggestion:
Change sentence to something similar to the following:
To stream data from a CSV file to MongoDB:
1) Create a DataStreamReader that reads from the CSV file
2) Create a DataStreamWriter from ?
3) Call the start() method on the DataStreamWriter instance to begin the stream.
